README.md, before:

# Dwitter (Twitter Client)

This is an Android application for reading and posting new tweets to Twitter.

Time spent: **27** hours spent in total

##User stories (Week 3):
- [x] Required: User can sign in to Twitter using OAuth login
- [x] Required: User can view the tweets from their home timeline
- [x] Required: User should be displayed the username, name, and body for each
  tweet
- [x] Required: User should be displayed the relative timestamp for each tweet
  "8m", "7h"
- [x] Required: User can view more tweets as they scroll with infinite
  pagination
- [x] Required: User can compose a new tweet
- [x] Required: User can click a “Compose” icon in the Action Bar on the top
  right
- [x] Required: User can then enter a new tweet and post this to twitter
- [x] Required: User is taken back to home timeline with new tweet visible in
  timeline
- [x] Optional: While composing a tweet, user can see a character counter with
  characters remaining for tweet out of 140
- [x] Optional: Links in tweets are clickable and will launch the web browser
  (see autolink)
- [x] Optional: User can refresh tweets timeline by pulling down to refresh (i.e
  pull-to-refresh)
- [x] Optional: Improve the user interface and theme
- [x] Optional: Apply the popular Butterknife annotation library to reduce view
  boilerplate.
- [x] Optional: Leverage RecyclerView as a replacement for the ListView and
  ArrayAdapter for all lists of tweets.
- [x] Optional: Move the "Compose" action to a FloatingActionButton instead of
  on the AppBar.
- [x] Optional: Replace all icon drawables and other static image assets with
  vector drawables where appropriate.
- [x] Optional: Replace Picasso with Glide for more efficient image rendering.

##User stories (Week 4):
- [x] Required: Includes all required user stories from Week 3 Twitter Client
- [x] Required: User can switch between Timeline and Mention views using tabs.
  (4 points)
- User can view their home timeline tweets.
- User can view the recent mentions of their username.
- [x] Required: User can navigate to view their own profile (3 points)
- User can see picture, tagline, # of followers, # of following, and tweets on
  their profile.
- [x] Required: User can click on the profile image in any tweet to see another
  user's profile. (4 points total)
- User can see picture, tagline, # of followers, # of following, and tweets of
  clicked user. (1 point)
- Profile view should include that user's timeline (1 point)
- [x] Optional: User can view following / followers list through the profile (2
  points)
- [x] Required: User can infinitely paginate any of these timelines (home,
  mentions, user) by scrolling to the bottom (1 point)
- [x] Optional: Stretch: Use Parcelable instead of Serializable using the
  popular Parceler library.

##Walkthrough of all user stories:
<img src='https://github.com/realdlee/Dwitter/blob/master/walkthrough3.gif'
title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

[Week 3 Walkthrough](https://github.com/realdlee/Dwitter/blob/master/walkthrough.gif)

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## License

Copyright 2016 David Lee

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Show indeterminate progress bar in menu for Mentions and Home timeline requests

README.md, after:

# Dwitter (Twitter Client)

This is an Android application for reading and posting new tweets to Twitter.

Time spent: **27** hours spent in total

##User stories (Week 3):
- [x] Required: User can sign in to Twitter using OAuth login
- [x] Required: User can view the tweets from their home timeline
- [x] Required: User should be displayed the username, name, and body for each
  tweet
- [x] Required: User should be displayed the relative timestamp for each tweet
  "8m", "7h"
- [x] Required: User can view more tweets as they scroll with infinite
  pagination
- [x] Required: User can compose a new tweet
- [x] Required: User can click a “Compose” icon in the Action Bar on the top
  right
- [x] Required: User can then enter a new tweet and post this to twitter
- [x] Required: User is taken back to home timeline with new tweet visible in
  timeline
- [x] Optional: While composing a tweet, user can see a character counter with
  characters remaining for tweet out of 140
- [x] Optional: Links in tweets are clickable and will launch the web browser
  (see autolink)
- [x] Optional: User can refresh tweets timeline by pulling down to refresh (i.e
  pull-to-refresh)
- [x] Optional: Improve the user interface and theme
- [x] Optional: Apply the popular Butterknife annotation library to reduce view
  boilerplate.
- [x] Optional: Leverage RecyclerView as a replacement for the ListView and
  ArrayAdapter for all lists of tweets.
- [x] Optional: Move the "Compose" action to a FloatingActionButton instead of
  on the AppBar.
- [x] Optional: Replace all icon drawables and other static image assets with
  vector drawables where appropriate.
- [x] Optional: Replace Picasso with Glide for more efficient image rendering.

##User stories (Week 4):
- [x] Required: Includes all required user stories from Week 3 Twitter Client
- [x] Required: User can switch between Timeline and Mention views using tabs.
  (4 points)
- User can view their home timeline tweets.
- User can view the recent mentions of their username.
- [x] Required: User can navigate to view their own profile (3 points)
- User can see picture, tagline, # of followers, # of following, and tweets on
  their profile.
- [x] Required: User can click on the profile image in any tweet to see another
  user's profile. (4 points total)
- User can see picture, tagline, # of followers, # of following, and tweets of
  clicked user. (1 point)
- Profile view should include that user's timeline (1 point)
- [x] Optional: User can view following / followers list through the profile (2
  points)
- [x] Required: User can infinitely paginate any of these timelines (home,
  mentions, user) by scrolling to the bottom (1 point)
- [x] Optional: Stretch: Use Parcelable instead of Serializable using the
  popular Parceler library.
- [x] Optional: When a network request is sent, user sees an indeterminate
  progress indicator

##Walkthrough of all user stories:
<img src='https://github.com/realdlee/Dwitter/blob/master/walkthrough3.gif'
title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

[Week 3 Walkthrough](https://github.com/realdlee/Dwitter/blob/master/walkthrough.gif)

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## License

Copyright 2016 David Lee

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
